Obviously, I am also a child of Lin Family Village
Why would you rather believe that Lin Yaozu framed me?
Don't want to believe me
Is it because I'm a girl?
My words are not enough to be believed
I only have 2 minutes now.
Why don't you want to leave for two minutes?
I'll tell you what.
Lin Wenwen broke the world record
Party Secretary Olympic Games
And that's true.
No matter the county leader
Town leader
Even the city leader, Chief Shen, has to come in person
That's a huge honor.
If because of your own ignorance
Take the glory out
Then you are intellectually invading and humiliating
This leads the county leadership
Or leading provincial leaders
Hey, you idiot said let's do it.
Let me see
You two are complete liars.
Shameless bitch like Lin Wenwen
Born to be the shame of our Lin Family Village
This is a family matter in our Lin Family Village
I advise you not to meddle in your own business
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude to you.
What are you?
Our personal affairs in Linjiacun
It is also worthy of you, an outsider, to intervene
If you don't want to find someone who doesn't hurt, get out of here
Otherwise, blame us for being rude to you.
What about Linjia Village?
Is Lin Jiacun blind?